Tim, thanks for reading all the appendix, 1914, a significant year in Bible prophecy.
You understood it, right?
Well, it's not completely clear.
Okay, well, let's go through it again.
If you remember, Luke 21, verse 24,
said that Jerusalem would be trampled on by the nations
until the appointed times of the nations are fulfilled.
Now, we know that began in 607 BCE.
And in Daniel chapter 4, verse 16,
it said that seven times would have to pass over it.
And in Revelation 12, verse 6 and 14,
it indicates that three and a half times equals 1,260 days.
So seven times would be 2,520 days.
But, of course, we've got the Bible principle
where numbers 14, verse 34, a day for a year, a day for a year.
So that 2,520 days would be 2,520 years.
So counting 2,520 years from 607 BCE brings us to 1914
when Jesus began to rule his king and the heavens.
You've got it now.
It's still not clear.
It's okay. I didn't understand it the first time I went through it.
Just read the appendix a few more times and it will make sense.
Come on, let's finish our study of chapter 8.
So based on what we've been learning in chapter 8,
can you think of a good reason why it's so important
that we know when God's kingdom began to rule?
Well, I think that if you knew when God's kingdom began to rule,
then you would know that the blessings of the kingdom are soon to follow.
That's an excellent answer.
And of course, the appendix here contains the scriptural proof
of when God's kingdom began to rule in 1914.
Would you like to read just the first two paragraphs in the appendix there
under the heading on page 215, 1914,
a significant year in Bible prophecy?
Sure. Decades in advance, Bible students proclaim.
Thank you.
So notice there that Jesus said that the city of Jerusalem
would be trampled on by the nations until the appointed times
of the nations are fulfilled.
Now for us to understand Jesus' words,
we have to know why was Jerusalem special?
What did Jerusalem symbolize?
So what did we learn about Jerusalem there in paragraph 2?
Well, Jerusalem is where the Jewish kings ruled, right?
So they would have ruled for Jehovah,
which meant that Jerusalem was a symbol of Jehovah's rulership.
Very good.
Now you have the key to understanding when Jesus began to rule his king.
Wow. This is really interesting.
It's like solving a mystery, isn't it?
Let's read the next paragraph.